hey guys should have all the check in
our final fantasy for Windows Phone and
this was launched as the Xbox Live title
and many of you might know this title
already and this gives you team linguist
and stuff because it's an Xbox Live
title but the menu as you can see is
weird and quite small and doesn't look
that nice and the game was found Lee
available on PlayStation Portable and
this is a port of that Bush you can even
see that it's not using the full
resolution some can argue and say you
might want to see the battery and stuff
while playing a game so if you feel one
of those guys then this is definitely
something that you might like but for me
I want to play the game in full screen
and this devil is on something that I
look forward to especially if I'm
playing around 699 for this game so
they're looking with the demo version
here you can start a new game or you can
save various save points within the game
and you can load that as well
so you move using the virtual joystick
here and you can speed up the moment by
clicking on the button here and at times
you do feel that the controls there's no
respond very well but that is just a
small concern so with the cutscenes you
cannot exit out of those you gotta sit
through them so while it might be fun
the first time around you might not
always want to sit through their show
and able T to skip that should be
included I think but it's currently not
that so when you exit out of the castle
or the stronghold and you go out into
the wild you face various enemies so
this is a battle screen so you've got
your opponent's here and your characters
yeah you can choose various option like
attack defend or choose equipments or
you can even run away from a battle and
thanks for that want to choose in
character you pick the opponent that you
wanna attack
so you're on for experience points and
81 gold which is called Gil in this game
you can always bring up the character
men you see what they have like see the
equivalents you have and we can even
more so to modem and add items as well
so there are a lot of things to do in
here like you get to go into the armory
you get a loan spells so if you know
Final Fantasy already know this
otherwise it's definitely a great game
but 699 for cheap coat I mother
convinced so it's something that you can
look forward to and try the demo see if
you like it and so as you can see once
you get into the town you've got an end
where you can sleep and restore your
manner you can talk to people go in and
buy armor or weapons and similar you can
even buy spells and unloads bills as
stuff like that it's a great game there
are a lot of elements to it and if you
like spending time on games like these
definitely will check it out but i will
see you star just trying out the demo
and see if it is something that you
would like because the game costs about
699 so that's it it's a quick look at
final fantasy for windows phone which is
available right now willing to the game
from the blog post thanks for watching